'Little Darling’, sporty new compact version of the Great American Watermelon—oblong, dark-rind, with watermelon-sugar-sweet red flesh— is perfectly sized for a pair of melon aficionados. Portable paragons—5” x 8” and 5-7 lbs.—ready to rock your picnic basket, large handbag, knapsack, carry-on luggage, or refrigerator. Growing on 4-5’ full-vining plants, melons are real sweeties, rating 12 brix on the sugar scale.
Hales Best Jumbo was developed by a Japanese market gardener in California around 1920. It became widely popular because it combined excellent flavor with earliness. It's a beautiful oval melon with deep green skin and golden netting. The flesh is an appealing salmon color, aromatic and sweet.
Cantaloupe, Burpee's Ambrosia Hybrid Burpee's Ambrosia has been our top-selling cantaloupe for over 20 years because of its luscious, extra-sweet taste, juiciness and nectarous aroma. The tick, firm, Watermelon, Georgia Rattlesnake flesh is delicious right down to the rind. The 6" melons average 5 lb. each. Vines yield bumper crops and are mildew-resistant.
Melons get 2' long and weigh 30 lb. The flesh is bright pink and sweet. The rind is thin but very tough, which made it a favorite of market gardeners.
Cantaloupe, Honey Bun Hybrid Honey Bun is a real bush cantaloupe that is well suited for the smaller garden. The little melons are 5" across with deep orange flesh and honey-sweet flavor. Each vine will produce 3 or 4 fruits.
Cantaloupe, Hearts Of Gold Organic These are beautiful melons with luscious deep-orange golden flesh that is sweet, juicy and fragrant. Rinds are thin, heavily netted and medium ribbed. Vigorous, prolific plants bear nearly round, medium-sized, 2-3 lb. fruits that are ready to pick 90 days from sowing. An heirloom introduced around 1900 and once the most popular commercial cantaloupe in the Midwest. 
Watermelon, Bush Sugar Baby A delicious, sweet must for small, sunny gardens. Each plant bears two 12 lb. melons. Burpee bred. After all danger of frost, sow 5 or 6 seeds in groups 6-8' apart .
Melon, Isabella Charentais sweet flavor and flesh. Good shelf life and weather resistance. Fruits round, uniform and sweet, to around 3 lbs. Resistant to Fusarium wilt and powdery mildew, making plants clean, tidy and easy to grow.
Cantaloupe, El Gordo hybrid 75-85 days. Can't believe this cantaloupe! ‘El Gordo’ is the biggest cantaloupe in the garden. The colossal, sweeter-than-sweet fruits weigh in at 15 lbs. One melon will feed the whole family—and a friend or two or three. And how sweet it is, with a brix rating of 10-12 brix. Small cavity means more sweet, delicious flesh and fewer seeds. Full-vining plants.
Melon, Collective Farm Woman Cook's Garden Favorite. This is one delicious melon in a hurry, ripening in just 60 days. With a flavor residing in the delectable peach-pineapple continuum, Ukrainian heirloom grows to 10”, with a yellow-gold rind with and super-sweet white flesh. Harvest when skin turns orange-yellow. Cool-weather melon perfect for short-season gardeners. Stores well for weeks after harvest.
Melon, Bodacious Hybrid Gourmet oriental sweet melon with sweet, succulent flesh.
An excellent summer refreshment, this exquisite lime-green melon is a sensory marvels: a paragon of flavor, texture, color, form and fragrance. Gourmet-worthy oriental sweet melon on full-vining plants offer up nourishing green fruit with soft, sweet, succulent flesh. Fruits weigh 5-8 lb.
Watermelon, Sugar Baby Sweet, fine-textured, medium-red flesh. The round, 12 lb., dark green skinned melons grow 8 in. across. GARDEN HINTS: For early fruiting and to overcome a short growing season, plants may be started indoors in peat pots. Water during hot, dry periods.
Watermelon, Moon & Stars Organic A great tasting watermelon with deep green skin speckled with golden yellow stars. Medium sized melons, 25 lb., are slightly oblong with red fruit. Certified Organic Seed.
Watermelon, Crimson Sweet Melon, Creme De La Creme Hybrid Not a cantaloupe, honeydew or muskmelon, there is simply no other melon like this one. It's deliciously fragrant, very sweet and slightly spicy. The creamy white fruit inside is enticingly marbled with pale orange, and the rind is orange to yellow and lightly netted. Melons are 7 to 8" in diameter and slip from the vine when ripe. Plants yield like mad, fruits ripen fast and are great for northern climates.
Large, round melons averaging 25 lb. are light green with dark green stripes. Flesh is dark red, firm and fine-textured. Resistant to Fusarium wilt and anthracnose. GARDEN HINTS: For early fruiting and to overcome a short growing season, start seeds in a warm, well-lighted indoor area 3 to 4 weeks before last spring frost. Before transfer to garden, accustom plants to outdoor conditions by moving to a sheltered area outside for a week. Grow on plastic mulch to control weeds, conserve soil moisture and protect fruit by keeping it off the ground.
Watermelon, Orange Tendersweet This heirloom favorite features luscious, bright orange flesh. Tender and very sweet, the oblong striped fruits grow to 35 lb.
Watermelon, Orange Crisp Hybrid You'll love the brilliant orange flesh. It's sweet, crisp and seedless! The round fruits with dark green rinds make fun "living" fruit bowls. Mix in red for a bright and refreshing summer treat.
Melon, Honeydew Green Flesh Organic A very smooth-skinned melon with a hard rind ripening pale green to ivory-gold and a small seed cavity. The lime-green, juicy flesh has superb sweetness and delightful aroma. High-yielding vines produce large fruits up to 6 lb, 7-9" long and 5-6" wide that store and ship well. Best suited for the South and Southwest or a southern exposure; it needs to be pampered elsewhere. Honey dews, native to Central Asia but long grown in France, were introduced into the US in the 1900s. This gorgeous, lime-green-fleshed melon updates this class with high yields of large, flavorful fruits. Certified Organic Seed.